
`Elliot Saba @ slack`

I have a few projects that I could use help with, 
if anyone is itching to do some CI dev hacking this winter break!

- [ ] Beautifying CI machine resource monitoring output: In [this issue](https://github.com/JuliaCI/julia-buildkite/issues/265) 
    I lay out a plan for a resource monitoring utility that I’ve half-built, 
    that will spit out a .csv file with resource usage values.  
    I’d like to get a Julia script that uses Plotly or something similar 
    to generate a self-contained .html file with interactive plots so that we can see 
    e.g. CPU, Memory, Disk usage over the course of that CI run.  
    We’ll then upload that .html file at the end of the test run!
- [ ] Fixing FreeBSD testing failures: Alex, in a heroic effort, 
    has managed to get us buildkite agents on FreeBSD!  
    Unfortunately, we have the typical bevy of new testing failures associated with this.  
    He has helpfully categorized them in [this thread](https://github.com/JuliaCI/julia-buildkite/pull/266#issuecomment-1349087347), 
    anyone who wants to work on this, 
    I’ll be happy to give you SSH access to a debugging FreeBSD machine.
- [ ] Extending bughunt to work on macOS: Following the wonderful examples of Linux and Windows, 
    we want to be able to run bughunt for macOS builds.  
    We don’t really have a “build image” concept on macOS right now 
    (on Linux we use sandbox rootfs images, on Windows we use docker containers) 
    so there’s less work to do on macOS than on the other machines, 
    so this should be simpler than it is for the other platforms.

If anyone is interested in taking any of these on, I’d be happy to help guide them!
- [ ] Building [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/) templates to set up and 
    provision various pieces of the JuliaLang opensource infrastructure.  
    This includes Base CI as well as things like the PkgServer network.  
    This is a great opportunity to learn some network engineering/dev ops, 
    and maybe even improve some performance metrics for your own locality!
